hi guys this is K Alex I was just coming
to y'all with this hair review video
sorry that I look so crazy I don't know
makeup on and I haven't done anything to
my hair but I had to come on here and
just I had to share this with javis I
love ya anyways this hair right here
that I haven't is from true glory hair
this is a company out of atlanta but
they do have a website that you can
order uh um just to start off to let
y'all know i have had this hair for two
years yes two years so as you can see
this is going to be a good review um
where do I start so this is brazilian
virgin brazilian and i got a 20 inch and
18-inch when i first purchased the hair
two years ago so it comes in the natural
brown of course and i really like it
because it gives like an ombre effect
it's kind of darker at the top and it
gets lighter as you go down to the
bottom I don't know if y'all can see but
it's beautiful beautiful hair I just
washed it and conditioned it and then I
sat on the dryer because you have to let
it you know natural we try but this hair
is wonderful if you are ever looking for
a hair company to go to this is the hair
company to go so don't mind my nappy
hair it was hot because I haven't done
anything to it so and this is her
website i don't know if you can see it
and they have three different kinds of
hair they have the Brazilian body wave
which is what I have that starts at
fifty dollars they have the Brazilian
deep way with starts at 60 and the
straight also starts at fifty dollars
and I think it goes up about five
dollars per bundle plus X but it is just
great and then is a good price you're
paying a wonderful price for this hair I
think i probably paid 65 for the i think
it was like 65 for the 20 inch and 55
for the 18 or 60 for the 80 90 something
like that but it's really good for two
bottles of hair that lasted this long I
have yet to find another pack of hair
that could even last you know five
months so for me to have worn his hair
for two years of course I'll take it out
watch it and then reinstall it but I
started off with it one a week cat and I
ward it for a long time and no actually
I started off so Dean then I got tired
of it and put it on a wig cap so that
was like my go-to thing or what I have a
picture of the other picture when I saw
it on the week at it was much thicker
back then because I was a simple fact
that I had burst out the hair of course
they had stand out a little bit but this
where does um this hair doesn't
maybe a little bit just a little bit but
that's because I cut the trick when i
sold it in this time first time I used
it I didn't cut the whip that I just
kept going it has a natural luster to it
which I really like but it's not
shiny and too silky so that it doesn't
match the texture of my natural hair um
it just flows is bouncy and everything
right I can't even and then at the end
the ends are wonderful have you ever
seen some ends like that before have you
ever seen in like that before that's
great it doesn't get you know I hate
here there's a really thick at the top
and it gets really thin at the bottom I
don't like that but this hair is
absolutely perfect and I have it
installed so where I can pull it up if i
want to or where however i want to end
its own personal and i just love the
hair so if you have any questions just
let me know and if you look at my last
video which i made when i first made my
you probably that's also this here and
it's always been pretty and i think it
always will be i'm going to cry if
anything ever happens to this here but
that's my video i hope you all enjoyed
it and i want you all to go to true
glory hair order from them I've been
rocking with her since day one um her
location is by cumberland mall in
atlanta georgia and she has nice and she
has two locations now so going her
website I like its true glory that net I
believe but ya self explanatory series
beautiful i think i will buy one more
bundle just to add a little bit more
fullness that's like i said over the
year
that I've had it it's you know it's kind
of you know lost its wake so um is 20
inch and it's true to lens that comes
all the way down here and in the back is
really long to my butt which I love
because you know girls sometimes you
gotta had that strip of hair but i'ma
stop talking I just want to go by this
hair I'm not being paid by the company
or anything this is a true love you I
will idea but um yeah thank y'all for
watching hope y'all like it see y'all in
my next video wit my next here please
comment down there and let me know if
you have any questions or if I left
anything out and I'll see y'all next
time